CHECKBOOK+The unbelieveable point-and-click checkbook accountant!* 3 types of graphing!!!  (circle, pi-, and line- graphs!)* Thousands of records in memory for fast manipulation!* SAVE's can extend over many diskettes for 512k support!* Cut & Paste editing of your account!  EASY!* Sorts! (Alphabetic or otherwise in ascending or descending order!)* much more... use this demo to find out!Place CheckBook+ DEMO into your drive and type:LOADM "CONFIG":EXEC  [ENTER]After a moment, you will be asked whether or not you are using anRGB or Composite monitor.  This question is asked only to know whattype of monitor you are running the configuration program on... NOTwhat you want CheckBook+ configured to.  After pressing 'R' for RGBor 'C' for Composite, a screen will be loaded in with variousoptions to choose from.  Using your mouse/joystick (and the TandyHi-Res interface), you can move the pointer around the screen topoint at the various options.  If you want to select your defaultdisk drive as drive 1, point the pointer at the disk marked "1" andclick the mouse/joystick button.  Your current settings are markedin the middle of the screen.  Really, the only option that you mayget confused with is the baud rate for your printer.  To change it,simply point the pointer into the box containing the currentsetting and click the mouse/joystick button.  This will cyclethrough the various baud rates.When you are finished, click on the box labeled "SAVE" in the upper-right hand corner of your screen.  Now, a list of fonts availableon the disk are displayed.  I have included 2 public domain fontsfor your use.  They are "NORMAL.FNT", which is the font that theColor Computer 3 usually uses, and "IBMFONT.FNT", which is a fontvery similar to the font used on MS-Dos machines.  If you have moreColor Computer 3 fonts of your own, you can use them by copyingthem over to the CheckBook+ diskette before running theconfiguration program.  The fonts must have the extension ".FNT" tobe recognized by the program.That's it!  After the configuration program writes out theconfiguration file to the disk, you're all set!Using point-and-click!----------------------To start up CheckBook+, type:LOADM "CHECKBK+":EXEC  [ENTER]After a few moments of initialization, you will see CheckBook+'stitle screen appear showing general information on how to orderCheckBook+ for yourself!  To go onto the main screen, simplypoint to the 'button' marked "OK" and click.The main screen consists of a "display window" in the center of thescreen which is sectioned off by 2 blue bars, a "menu bar" at thetop of the screen with the options "About, Files, Edit, Special",two display scroll buttons (one up and one down), Top and Endbuttons, and a Screen option.  First, we shall begin with the menubar.Pull-Down Sub-Menus-------------------To "pull-down" a sub-menu from the menu bar, simply point to theoption you want, About, Files, or Edit, and click.  Ignore theSpecial selection for right now.  If you click on About, the title-screen information will simply be re-displayed. Click on the OKbutton to return.  Any other menu bar selection will result in asub-menu being dropped down.  All the options in each menu will beexplained further on, but it is important to notice thesimilarities of the Files and Edit sub-menus.  Any options in thesub-menus which can be used are in black lettering and arehighlighted when pointed at.  Sometimes, conditions are not rightfor a particular option to be used (i.e. SAVE where there isnothing to save!).  That's why some of the options are displayed ingray lettering and are not highlighted when pointed at.  You cannotselect these.  If you ever want to "close-up" a sub-menu, you canmove the pointer to anywhere outside the sub-menu box and click.This will cause the sub-menu to disappear.Controlling the Display Window------------------------------Now, let's load a sample file into memory to help demonstrate howto use the many features of CheckBook+.  Use the mouse/joystick to"pull-down" (click on) FILES on the menu bar.  Next, click on LOAD.In a few moments, a disk directory will appear on screen.  Filesshown in black lettering are selectable, as they are CheckBook+checkbook files (extension ".CHK").the file.  On the demo version,SAVE and LOAD functions are disabled.  Please order CheckBook+ fromSub-Etha Software if you like what you see!The Calculator--------------Since the calculator icon is also available on the main screen, I'dbetter tell you about that right out.  To activate the "pop-up"calculator, simply click on the calculator icon from the mainscreen.  After doing so, a large blue calculator will appear in themiddle of the screen atop whatever text may have already beenthere.  This calculator is controlled totally via the keyboard.Now, I'm not going to go and describe in depth how to use acalculator!  Use the numeric keys for numbers (with the period "."for a decimal), "+" for addition, "-" for subtraction, "*" formultiplication, "/" for division, and "=" or [ENTER] for equals.Also, you may press the "C" key to Clear an error during input,;ut doing so will not delete the last total nor abort the currentoperation.  (See the "CE" or "C" keys in most calculator manuals.)To totally clear out the calculator, press the "A" key for All-Clear (see the "AC" key in most calculator manuals.).Also, the calculator runs in what I like to refer to as a "Money-Mode."  That is, it rounds the display off to the nearest penny andalways displays to two decimal points.  Example: 23 would be 23.00,or 24.3 would be 24.30.  You are, however, allowed to enter indecimal values to further decimal positions than just two.  Thecalculator only rounds the display, while it does retain the exactdecimal value in memory.  If you would like to see the Entiredecimal value up to the limit of the display, press the "E" key.Example: If you entered the number 42.02917 and pressed "=", youwould see 42.03 (display is rounded to nearest penny).  By pressingthe "E" key, you would see 42.02917 in the display.  The calculatoralways reverts back to "Money-Mode" at the next operation.To put the calculator away, press the "X" key.  Another feature ofthe calculator is the "running total" memory.  Whatever value is inthe calculator upon pressing the "X" key will be remembered untilthe calculator is called up again.  Example:  If you've done somecalculations and the result is 162.42, and you press "X" and exitback to the main screen, the next time you click on the calculatoricon, the calculator will come up with 162.42 in the display.  Ifyou want to start out fresh, remember you can press the "A" key forAll-Clear.The FILES menu--------------In this menu there are six selections... DIR, LOAD, SAVE, NEW,PRINT, and QUIT.  The DIR option will read the disk directory fromthe default drive and display it on screen.  If the listing goesbeyond the display limit, you can use the scroll boxes to scrollthrough the directory listing.  At the end of the directory listingis the number of free granules remaining on the disk.When SAVEing, sometimes, the file in memory is too large to fiton a single disk (this is especially true for 512k systems!).CheckBook+ will fit as much of the file as it can on the firstdisk, and then prompt you to insert another disk to continuethe save.  This will continue up to ten times until the fileis totally saved.  Upon loading a continued file, you willbe prompted to swap disks at the appropriate times.  The disksmust be inserted in the order that they were saved. Ifyou happen to get the disks in the wrong order, you will promptedagain to swap disks.NEW is used to erase a file from memory.  You will be asked whetheror not you want to continue with the operation.  Clicking on OKwill clear any account from memory.  Clicking on CANCEL will abortthis and return you to the main screen.PRINT will send a formatted listing of the account currently inmemory to your printer at the baud rate you specified duringconfiguration.  If you printer is not "on-line" (not ready toreceive data), you will be prompted with "PRINTER NOT ON-LINE."Click on CANCEL to abort or click on "OK" once printer is on-line.QUIT is self-explanatory.The EDIT menu-------------Many times you will only want to edit an existing account.  In theedit menu there are nine options, ENTER INFO, CUT, COPY, INSERT,REPLACE, SHOW CLIP, SEARCH, EDIT CHECK, and FIGURE TOTAL.  Clickingon ENTER INFO will let you type in new checks/deposits which willbe added to the end of any account currently in memory.  If youwant the check to be placed somewhere else in the file, use ENTERINFO, and then use one of the editing options below.Before going any further, you must know how to "select" a record(check/deposit).  First, you must have the record you want onscreen (by using the scroll boxes to find the record you want).Next, point to anywhere on the check and click.  The record willbe reversed to indicate it is selected.  Now, you may use thefollowing editing commands.CUT is used to erase the currently selected record from memory.After doing so, the erased record is copied into a buffer calledthe "Clipboard."  COPY will copy the currently selected record intothe Clipboard, but unlike CUT, it will not erase the record frommemory.  INSERT will take the record stored in the Clipboard bufferand insert it before the currently selected record on screen.REPLACE will replace the currently selected record on screen withthe record stored in the Clipboard.  If you would like to see whatrecord (if any) is currently in the Clipboard, choose SHOW CLIP.SEARCH is especially useful for large files.  Before clicking onSEARCH, you must decide whether you want to search the entire filein memory or just a portion.  To search the entire file in memory,make sure no record on screen is "selected" (reversed) and click onSEARCH.  To start a search at a particular point in the file,select (reverse) the record you want the search to start at andthen click on SEARCH.  After clicking on SEARCH, you will be askedwhether you are searching for an amount or other.  If you aresearching for a certain amount of money, click on AMOUNT.Otherwise, click on OTHER.  You will now be prompted to enter whatyou are searching for.  Note: SEARCH is case-sensitive which meansthat if you are searching for "hello" and a record in memory is"Hello", it will not be found since the capitalization does notmatch... to the computer, these are two totally different letters.Also, when searching for specific dates, do not include the "/" asin the dates "09/29/71", since those slashes are actually notstored in the record.  They are only displayed as a convenience tothe user.  To correctly search for the date above, you would use"092971".  Once a record is found, you will be shown the record andask if you want to continue the search.  If a record is not found,you will be told so and returned to the main menu.  Upon returningto the main menu, if a record was found during the SEARCH, you willbe moved to the point in memory so the record that was found willbe at the top of the screen.EDIT CHECK will let you make changes to the currently selected(reversed) record in memory.  You will be transferred to anotherscreen and be allowed to choose to edit the check's number, date,amount, FOR-line, TO-line, and/or outstanding status.  When you arefinished editing the check and you want to keep the changes, clickon the option KEEP CHANGES.  If you want to leave the check the wayit originally was, click on CANCEL.FIGURE TOTAL is a powerful function.  It will go through and totalyour entire checkbook's account for you.  After calculating,CheckBook+ will tell you the following:Checkbook Total: $xx.xxOutstanding records: xxTotal on outstanding records: $xx.xxTotal - Outstanding records: $xx.xxCheckbook total refers to your total "spendable" money in youraccount, the amount of money that you have in your accountincluding all deposits and all withdrawals.  Outstanding recordsare checks/deposits that you've made but that your bank has not yetacknowledged... for instance, most banks will send out a report atthe end of each month stating all the deposits/checks that you madeduring the past month, plus a balance that your checkbook shouldbalance out to.  Outstanding records are how many checks/depositshave not be acknowledged by your back yet, and their total is givenby "Total on outstanding records."When you balance your checkbook, you must have your bank statementwith you and go through your account changing all the outstandingchecks/deposits that are on you bank statement to non-outstandingstatus.  You do this by selecting (reversing) the check/deposit andclicking on the "*" on the main screen.  This acts as a togglebetween outstanding and non-outstanding status.  Outstanding statuson a check/deposit is denoted by an "*" on the right-hand side ofthe check.  Now, by using FIGURE TOTAL, the total after "Total -Outstandings" should match the total found on your bank statement.If so, your checkbook is balanced for that month.  If the two donot match, go through again and make sure that any check/depositfound on your bank statement does not have an "*" after it (non-outstanding status).  Also, any checks/deposits that you made afterthe month that the bank statement is for should have an "*" afterthem, since they are still not accounted for on the bank statement.The Special menu----------------Due to the large size of the CheckBook+ program, this part of theprogram must be loaded off disk.  Before you can run this function,you must have at least 3 records in memory.  You will be asked tomake sure your CheckBook+ system disk is in the default drive.Click on OK to continue or CANCEL to abort and return to the mainscreen.Special is a utility area with some very powerful functions.First, I will describe Sorting.By moving to the SORTS menu, you can tell CheckBook+ to sort yourcurrent account in memory in ascending or descending order usingthe checks' number, date, amount, alphabetically by FOR-line, oralphabetically by TO-line.  Depending on how long the account is inmemory, the sort may take quite a while. If you get tired ofwaiting and need to abort the sort, you can do so by pressing theSPACE BAR.  This will not always cause an immediate abort, but willabort the sort at a point where none or your data will bedestroyed.  Also, during the alphabetical sorts, remember thatCheckBook+ is case-sensitive, meaning that upper- and lower-caseare different from each other.  After a sort operation is complete,go back to the main menu, and exit back to CheckBook+.  You willthen be able to see your freshly sorted account.Graphing is one of the most powerful features of the CheckBook+software package.  You can graph by either months or years.  Fromthe main menu, choose the graph operation.  You will next be askedwhether you want to sort by months or by years.  Make yourselection.  If you're graphing by months, you will be allowed toenter up to 12 months to be graphed.  You need to enter at least 2months to be able to create a graph.  When you are finished, simplypress ENTER to go to the next menu.  For months, enter them inMM/YY format... i.e. September, 1971 would be entered "09/71".  Ifyou are graphing by years, enter them in YY format...  i.e. 1971would be "71".Next you will be asked whether you want to graph by withdrawals,deposits, or totals.  If you want to graph how much you spent eachmonth/year, press "W" for withdrawals.  If you want to graph howmuch you deposited each month/year, press "D" for deposits.Likewise, if you want to see how much you've had in your accounteach month/year, press "T" for totals.Now you will be asked to enter a title for the graph.  The reasonfor this is that if you like the way your graph looks, you can saveit to disk and possibly incorporate it into your desktop publishingsoftware and print it out.  Enter whatever title you want to givethe graph.Finally, choose which type of graph you want.. Line-, Bar-, orCircle-graphs can be displayed.  Circle-graphs, however, can notdisplay a graph of "Totals" due to the nature of the calculations.After the graph is drawn, an option window pops up.  If you likethe way the graph looks and would like to save it to disk (forloading from BASIC), choose option 1.  If you want to choose againto have Line-, Bar-, or Circle-graph, choose option 2.  To go backand change the "graph by Deposits/Withdrawals/Totals" selection,choose option 3.  To exit back to the main menu, press 4.  And toget a better look at the graph by removing the now annoying optionwindow, press 5.  After pressing 5, pressing any key will bringback the option window.Final Notes-----------When you purchase CheckBook+ from Sub-Etha Software, includedon your CheckBook+ disk is a program named "GRAFLOAD.BAS".It is used to load in CheckBook+'s graph files.The graph will be loaded into HSCREEN 2 memory and uponexit of the program, the graph will remain in tact and the paletteswill be left as they should be for viewing the graph.  To exit theprogram, simply press any key when you're done looking at thegraph.  From here, you can use whatever converter programs you mayhave to incorporate the graph into your desktop publishingprograms, printer dump software, etc...  This program is providedas a convenience to the end user.Please direct any questions/comments to Sub-Etha Software and theywill direct them to me, Joel Mathew Hegberg, the author.Once again, for the complete manual and software with all workingfunctions, please contact Sub-Etha Software at (409) 639-ETHA [3842].or write:Sub-Etha SoftwareP.O. Box 152442Lufkin, Texas  75915CheckBook+ and this demo programmed by Joel Mathew Hegberg.  He maybe reached on Delphi as (JOELHEGBERG) or on GEnie as (J.HEGBERG).Disclaimer:  Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy ofthis manual as well as bug-free software.  Neither Sub-EthaSoftware nor the author, Joel Mathew Hegberg, assumes anyresponsibility for any damages of any kind resulting from the useof this demo!Trademarks:  Color Computer and Color Computer 3 are trademarksof Tandy corporation.                                                                                    