 From: "Matthew"

                         Dungeons of Daggorath Program
                            (c) 1982 DynaMicro, Inc.
                         Licensed to Tandy Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

 This applications software for the Tandy Color microcomputer is retained in
 a read-only memory (ROM) format.  All portions of this software whether in
 the ROM format or other source code form format, and the ROM circuitry, are
 copyrighted and are the proprietary and trade secret information of Tandy
 Corporation and/or its licensor.  Use, reproduction or publication or
 publication of any portion of this material without the prior written
 authorization by Tandy Corporation is strictly prohibited.


                       Dungeons of Daggorath Program Manual:
                             (c) 1983 Tandy Corporation
                                 All Rights Reserved



                            TABLE OF CONTENTS

 Introduction .......................................... 9
 Required Equipment .................................... 9
 Loading Instruction ................................... 9
 Playing the Game ......................................10
 The Display ...........................................10
 Commands ..............................................12
 Moving in the Dungeon .................................13
     Levels and climbing in the Dungeon ................13
 Creatures .............................................14
 Objects ...............................................16
     Object Types ......................................18
 Magic..................................................21
    Reveal .............................................21
    Incant .............................................22
 Your Heartbeat.........................................23
 Parting Words..........................................25
 Appendix A - Summary of Commands ......................27
 Appendix B - Partial List of Abbreviations ............31
 Appendix C - Saving and Reloading Games................33



 LONG AGO, in the faraway hamlet of Rivenshire, there lived a gentle, simple
 folk.  For many long years they lived, loved and labored in the seclusion
 of the peaceful valley, protected from the influence and danger of the outside
 world byt the towering mountains of Daggorath.

 But alas, no good thing remains untouched forever.  And so it was, in the
 time now known as the year of Darkness, that a monstrous Evil came to
 Rivenshire, and the shadows of Daggorath fell long upon the land.  The
 crops, once healthy and strong, stood withered in the fields.  The herds of
 cattle and sheep wandered in listless stupor and slowly wasted away.  Even
 the children of the Shire became ill and did not respond to the most
 powerful potions.

 In desperation, the people cried out for a reason, for understanding, for
 deliverance.  Then a wise old master of the village came forth to speak...
 "There is a talk," he said, "passed down for centuries and almost
 forgotten,of a time in the Olden Days when a curse such as this descended on the
 land.
 Deep beneath these towering crags, in the Dungeons of Daggorath, an evil
 Wizard made his home and grew in power.  But before his destruction of the
 land was complete, a brave adventurer ventured into the fearsome Dungeons
 and drove the Wizard away, saving Rivenshire from a devilish fate.  The
 Wizard, however was not destroyed and swore, even as he fled, that one day
 he would return with his legions of evil, more powerful than ever, to
 reinhabit the Dungeons of Daggorath and destroy all the land to avenge his
 defeat.  I have heard rumors in recent times that this same Wizard has come
 into possession of the ancient and mighty Ring of Endings and is now more
 powerful than ever.  I fear that this is true and that he has returned to
 destroy us.
 And lo, the people of the village trembled and begged of the master, "What
 shall we do... who now will save us?" When the crowd was silent, the master
 spoke.
 "Behold this book," he said, raising the ancient volume above his head for
 all t osee, "for it is said to have been left by the adventurer and was
 passed down to me by my father's father's father.  It tells of the
 mysteries and dangers of the Dungeon.  The secrets of The Book I can share with you.
 But alas, where will we find one so bold as to face the deadly dangers
 of the Dungeons of Daggorath?"

 To the amazement of all who watched, there came from the crowd a stranger
 whose face  spoke of courage and wisdom.  The stranger reached out a hand
 to take The Book.  The master smiled slowly and said "Even as it was
 prophecied... so be it.  I shall teach you the ways of the Dungeon that you
 may venture forth and slay the Wizard.  You must listen carefully and study
 well, for mistakes are deadly in the Dungeons of Daggorath."  Thus began
 the lesson...


 Introduction

 The animated color graphics of this exciting adventure game make your task
 fearfully realistic.  The Dungeon is a complex, multi-level maze deep
 within the mountains of Daggorate and filled with evil crations of the Wizard -
 fearsome creatures that can snuff out your fragile existence in an instant.
 Beware... for once you have been transported into the Dungeon, there are
 only two ways out:  DESTROY THE WIZARD OR DIE!


 Required Equipment

 To begin your adventure, you need the following:

 * A Tandy(r) Color Computer with at least 16K RAM
 * Standard TV (Color recommended)



 Loading Instructions

 1.  Before inserting or removing a Program Pak(tm) cartridge, make sure the
 computer is off.  Failure to do so could result in damage to the Program
 Pak.

 2. Conect the Color Computer to the television set, and move the antenna
 switchbox control to Computer (or Game).  See your tandy Color Computer
 Operation Manual for further details regarding connections.

 3. Insert the Dungeons of Daggorath(tm), label side up, into the slot
 located on the right side of the computer.  Press firmly until it engages
 securely, but do not force it.

 4. Turn on the television, and tune it to Channel 3 or 4 (whichever is
 least active in your area).

 Playing the Game

 To begin your adventure, you must forst be transported to the Dungeon.
 After loading the program, a chilling preview of the mysteries of the
 Dungeon appears on the screen.  You might even catch a glimpse of the
 Wizard himself!  Read through the Book, and when you think you can successfully
 complete your task, press any key to be transported into the Dungeon.  But
 first you must know more of the evil sanctum you are about to enter.


 The Display

 You can view the Dungeon at the top of the screen.  A single line on the
 left and right side sof the screen shows what you are holding in your left
 and right hands.  The center of the screen monitors your heartbeat.  You
 can actually see your heart and hear its beating as you wind your way through
 the dark passages of horror.  Enter commands at the four line command extra
 area at the bottom of the screen.

 COMMANDS

 To enter commands in the Dungeon, type the desired command, with spaces
 between the words of multi-word commands, and press [enter].  If you make a
 mistake in typing a command, press the [<-] key to erase one character at a
 time and continue typing the command.  If you enter an illegal or
 impossible command, ??? appears after the command, and no action is taken.

 You can enter commands in rapid succession.  Simply continue typing.  The
 computer stores the commands  you type and then displays and carries them
 out as rapidly as possible.

 Commands can be abbreviated to the shortest set of letters that cannot be
 confused with another command word.  For example, ATTACK LEFT can be
 abbreviated A L, and PULL LEFT SWORD can be abbreviated  P L SW.  SWORD
 cannot be abbreviated with just an S, this can be confused with SHIELD.
 You must still enter spaces between abbreviated words.  If you try to enter an
 abbreviation that is too short, ??? appears after the command.

 The appendices at the end of the Book contain a summary of Commands
 (Appendix A), a Partial list of Allowable Abbreviations (Appendix B), and
 the commands you need to save and reload a game (Appendix C).
 Moving in the Dungeon

 Enter the command MOVE to step one cell forward in the Dungeon.  If you are
 facing a wall, you will "bump" into it.  You may move past a creature that
 is directly in front of you by moving forward.  The creature, however, will
 follow you and attempt to move fast enough to jump back in front of you.

 To step back, type MOVE BACK.  You can also turn in either direction by
 typing TURN LEFT or TURN RIGHT.  Type TURN AROUDN to turn completely around
 in the same cell.  Use the commands MOVE LEFT or MOVE RIGHT to sidestep
 (move sideways without turning)

 A TORCH will help you see which way to MOVE in the Dungeon.  You can MOVE
 with no TORCH (in total darkness), but you will bump into walls.  THis is
 not a recommended method of traveling in the Dungeon, for you might bump
 into the dreaded creatures.

 Levels and Climbing in the Dungeon

 The Dungeon is a multi-level maze.  There are three known levels, but there
 are rumors that the real Wizard lives beyond in even deeper levels.  If you
 want to explore the first three levels, you must find a hole or a ladder to
 move between the levels.  Beyond that, you are on your own.

 If you are standing next to a hole, type CLIMB DOWN.  You are then on the
 level below and can see the hole you just climbed through directly above
 you.  But be careful... If you clumb down a hole, you cannot go back up.


 If you are standing next to a ladder, you can move up or down by using the
 commands CLIMB UP or CLIMB DOWN.  Be especially wary of climbing up.  For
 it is said that if the Wizard senses you retrating up a level, he will punish
 your faintheartedness with the wrath of his most fearsome creatures.

 Creatures

 The Dungeon is filled with terrible creatures, henchmen of the evil Wizard.
 You will encounted Vipers, Spiders, Evil Knights, The Smiling Blobs,
 massive Stone Giants, Scorpions, Wraiths, and the awesome Galdrogs.  These demons
 of darkness will appempt to seek you out  and destroy you.  They grow more
 powerful and more deadly as you descend deeper into the Dungeon.

 Each creature has a characteristic sound that it will sometimes make as it
 approaches from any direction.  The sound grows louder as the creature
 approaches.  Listen carefully in the Dungeon, for you can often tell which
 creature to expect from the sound you hear.  If the creature is in the cell
 with you, the sound is very loud, and you will be attacked.  You will hear
 the blow strike you if it finds its mark.  This is extremely hazardous to
 your health.

 If you have your wits about you, you can use the ATTACL command to fend off
 or destroy your attacker.  Use an object (such as a SWORD) if you have one,
 but your empty hand is better than nothing.

 One technique you might use to defeat creatures involves attacking several

 times in rapid succession and then moving several steps and turning around.
 THis method lets your heart rate slow down while the creature approaches.
 Then you are ready to attack again as the creature enters your cell.

 Creatures attack faster as they become more powerful.  Time your attack to
 strike the creature just as it enters your cell and before it has a chance
 to strike you.  Entering several ATTACKS followed by MOVES in rapid
 succession (don't wait for the command to be displayed) helps to get your
 blows in and gets you out of danger before the creature has a chance to
 destroy you.

 The Blob might require ten or so successful sword hits to kill when you
 first encounter it.  The Stone Giant might take six or seven hits to
 destroy.  You might be able to kill Spiders with only one blow, but Vipers
 will take two or three.

 Both the Blob and the Stone Giant can often kill you with one blow - so be
 quick and move before they strike!

 In the Dungeon, the victor of a struggle draws strngth from the defeated
 foe.  Be cautious, but master many creatuers as you move through the
 Dungeon so your strength may increase.  The stronger you become, the fewer hits it
 will take to destroy a creature.  If you go to a deeper level without
 mastering most of the creatures you encounter, your strength will be no
 match for the creatures you encounter.  Eventually, if you survive, you
 will face the evil Wizard.  Defeating the Eizard will be the ultimate struggle,
 for his strength is greater than his creatures.
 BUT BE WARNED...long before you face the real Wizard, he will send a demon
 in his image to test your worthiness and resolve.  Only after defeating the
 Wizard's image will the true challenge begin.

 BE PREPARED FOR ANYTHING!

 Objects

 Within the Dungeon there will be a number of objects which must be used in
 your quest.  The creatuers will have collected most of the objects in the
 Dungeon by the time you arrive.  There are six object classes:

    TORCH   SWORD   SHIELD   FLASK   SCROLL   RING


 There are several types within each of these onject ckasses.  For example,
 a
 TORCH can be a PINE TORCH or a LUNAR TORCH.  The chart below will clarify
 the various types of objects.  The types of RINGs, however, will not be
 listed in the chart.  You must discover them yourself.


 |---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -|
 |                       TYPES OF OBJECTS
  |
 |--------+---------+---------+----------+------------+----------------------
 -|
 | TORCH  |  SWORD  | SHIELD  |  FLASK   |   SCROLL   |
  |
 |________|_________|_________|__________|____________|
  |
 |        |  WOODEN | LEATHER |  HALE    |   VISION   |
  |
 | PINE   |  IRON   | BRONZE  |  ABYE    |   SEER     |
  |
 | LUNAR  |  ELVISH | MITHRIL |  THEWS   |            |
  |
 | SOLAR  |         |         |          |            |
  |
 |________+_________+_________+__________+____________+______________________
 __
 When you first enter the Dungeon, you will be given a backpack containing a
 PINE TORCH and a WOODEN SWORD.  You can find other onjects within the
 Dungeon and get them when they ar eon the floor.  At any time, you can see
 what onjects are in your backpack and on the floor by typing EXAMINE. (or
 Ex)

 You can look at the Dungeon by typing LOOK (but only after an EXAMINE
 command)

 To grab something from your backpack, you must first have an empty hand.
 Then use the PULL command, as in PULL LEFT PINE TORCH.  To place something
 you are holding into your backpack, type STOW LEFT (for left hand) or STOW
 RIGHT (for right hand).  Your right or left hand is now empty and the
 object you are holding is in the backpack.

 Creatures in the dungeon are aware that objects are valuable and will
 gather objects they encounter as they move throughout the Dungeon.  A creature
 will continue to carry the objects it has collected until it is destroyed.  When
 a creature is destroyed, the objects (if any) will drop to the floor.  The
 objects will remain where they fall, even if you leave the area, unless you
 pick them up or another creature comes by and picks them up.  You can pick
 up an object from the floor using the GET command only if you have an empty
 hand (example: GET RIGHT SHIELD).  You can drop an object to the floor from
 either hand by typing DROP LEFT or DROP RIGHT respectively.  This leaves
 one hand empty, and the onject you were holding now appears on the floor of the
 cell you occupy.
 Object Types

 TORCH           No rays of light penetrate the Dungeon.  You will need the
                 TORCH to find your way.  When you first enter the Dungeon,
                 you will see only darkness.  If you want to see you must
                 PULL the TORCH into either hand and light it by typing USE
                 LEFT or USE RIGHT.  You will hear the match strike, and the
                 TORCH will be mounted on your backpack.  Your hand is now
                 empty, and you can see.  If you EXAMINE your backpack, the
                 torch currently in use is highlighted.  After an EXAMINE
                 command, you must LOOK to see the lit Dungeon.

 In time, all TORCHes burn down and eventually die.  As this happens, you
 can see less and less in the Dungeon.  The PINE TORCH lasts fifteen minutes.
 The LUNAR TORCH holds some magic light and will last for thirty minutes.
 The SOLAR TORCH is the most powerful and lasts for sixty minutes.

 It is vital that you find another TORCH before your light goes out, or you
 will be in pitch darkness and at the mercy of the Wizard.


 SWORD           The Dungeon is very dangerous.  Only a fool would enter
                 without holding close his best and sharpest SWORD.  When
                 facing a creature, you can attempt to strike him with a
                 SWORD you are holding by typing ATTACK LEFT or ATTACK
 RIGHT,
                 depending on which hand your SWORD is in.  If you
         miss, you hear the swish of your sword through the air.  If you hit,
         you hear the blow strike and the command area shows !!! after the
         attack command to show that you have made contact.

         Stronger creatures are naturally harder to hit.  You will also find
         that you miss more often as your torch grows dim.  It becomes even
         more important to find other torches before your light burns too
         low.

         As you grow stronger (if you survive), the force and effect of your
         blows increase.  But do not expect the creatures of the Dungeon to
         fall from a single blow.  And beware... for even as you strike,they
         will strike back, often with fatal results.


 SHIELD: WHen you hold a SHIELD in your hand, you are protected from some of
         the force of an attacking creature's blow.  This may save your life!
         The effectiveness of a SHIELD depends somewhat on your strength and
         the strength of the creature you are facing.

         You can also ATTACK with a SHIELD.  The MITHRIL SHIELF is quite
         powerful and can be used effectively as a weapon.

 Attacking with a shield is better than attacking with an empty hand and
 makes a great noise. But BE CAREFUL.... -jokesters tend to have very short
 careers in the Dungeon!
 FLASK           In the Dungeon you might also find various magical FLASKs,
                 which may serve you in your quest.  If you are holding a
                 FLASK and type USE LEFT or USE RIGHT (depending on which
                 hand it is in), you will pour the contents of the FLASK
                 down your throat.  Be careful... Flasks may harm you or
                 greatly aid you.  Their effects may be striking or subtle,
                 short-lived, or permanent.

                 You may get a clue to the nature of a FLASK from its name
                 when you are able to REVEAL it.  But the only way to really
                 learn the true effect of a FLASK is by trying it in
                 different situations.


 SCROLL          It is said that in the Dungeon there are SCROLLs that may
 be
                 of immeasurable value in conquering the Powers of Evil.  To
                 use a SCROLL you are holding, type USE LEFT or USE RIGHT.


 RING            RINs are extremely magical!  They can serve as weapons of
                 great power, and can strike down mighty enemies in a
                 twinkling.  BUt now that they are under a powerful magic
                 spell that prevents their use by mere mortals.

                 Learn how to unleash the power of a RING in the "Magic"
                 section.




 Magic

 The Dungeon is a magic place.  Creatures, torches, weapons and certain
 doors in the Dungeon have magical powers.  Creatures that are very magical (like
 the Wizard) are best fought with magic weapons and can only be seen fully
 under a TORCH that throws magical light.  You must learn from the Dungeon
 as you proceed.

 There is both Physical and Magical light in the dungeon.  The PINE TORCH,
 for example, radiates Physical light, so certain magic passages cannot be
 seen.  Even though you cannot see these magic passages, you can move
 through them.  So it will appeat that you can step through the walls in some places.
 If you have magic light the passages will appear as triangles.  Other
 passages will appear as rectangles and can be seen in any light.

 As you proceed in the Dungeon, you mush find more powerful magic torches to
 reveal the magic doors and creatures.


 REVEAL

 Objects in the Dungeon often have hidden natures that are not immediately
 known.  To discover the full power of an object, you should always attempt
 ro REVEAL it.  To REVEAL an object, you must be holding it in either hand
 and type REVEAL RIGHT or REVEAL LEFT, respectively.  For example, you may
 be holding a TORCh that can be REVEALed as a more powerful LUNAR TORCH.  The
 more powerful an onject, the more strength it takes to REVEAL it.  If you
 are unable to REVEAL an object you have found, you should save it
 in your backpack. After you have grown in wisdom and strength, try again to
 REVEAL it.

 Like other objects, the full powers of a SCROLL or a  RING cannot be used
 until you have REVEALed them.


 INCANT

 Only RINGs can be INCANTed.  Attacking with a RING (even after you have
 REVEALed it) won't have much more effect than a bare-handed slap.  The RING
 will make its magical sound, but will hold no power until it has been
 INCANTed.  YOu must use your wisdom to determine the magic name of a RING.
 Then you must INCANT the magic name to release the RING's awesome power.
 The type of RING that you may reveal serves as a clue to the magic name of
 the RING.  For example, if a RING is found and REVEAL-ed to be an IRON
 RING, a possible incantation is to type INCANT STEEL, and press [enter].  If the
 incantation is correct, the RING transformed into a STEEL RING of great
 power.  IF the incantation is wrong (which it is!), nothing at all happens,
 and you are left to ponder the correct incatation.

 After you have successfully INCANTed a RING, you can ATTACK using the RING
 as a magic weapon of great power.  But use it wisely, for its power is not
 limitless, and the use of a RING also puts a great strain on your heart.
 It is rumored that even the power of the evil Wizard is derived from a RING
 which he holds.  If you manage to defeat the real Wizard, you must find the
 Wizard's RING, for it may hold the secret to your future.  Remember ALL
 RINGs can be INCANTed.

 Your Heartbeat

 Throughout your adventure in the Dungeon, you see and hear your heart
 beating as you continue through the Journey.  Many things affect your heart
 rate.  Moving fast or with a heavy load, swinging a sword or wielding a
 RING, being attacked and struck by a creature... all these and more will
 make your heart beat more rapidly.

 Time and rest, if you can find them, will bring your heart rate down.  If
 you allow your heart rate to climb too high, you will faint.  This stops
 you in your tracks, but alas, the creatures do not stop and will continue to
 track and attack you.  If you heart rate climbs even further, your weary
 heart may simply burst, and you will have failed in your quest.  The faster
 your heart is beating, the easier a creatures blow will kill you or cause
 you to faint.  It is best to be rested before attempting to master a
 powerful creature.  As you grow stronger, so will your heart, and
 activities which once would have killed you will become easy.

 Go then, with caution, and grow in strength.


 APPENDIX A

 Summary of Commands

 The following summary of commands serves as a quick reference to help you
 remember and use the commands.  Each command is presented in the following
 format:

 NAME    (The name of this type of command)
  Usage: (This shows the various forms the command can take and briefly
  describes the effect of each form.  For more detail, refer to The Book.)

         Note: when the word "object" is used, you may type wither an object
         class (like TORCH), or a specific object type (like PINE TORCH).
 For
         examplem GET LEFT object refers to the whole class of commands like
         GET LEFT PINE TORCH, GET LEFT SWORD, and so on.


 MOVE
  Usage: MOVE            -    Step one cell forward
         MOVE BACK       -    Step one cell back
         MOVE LEFT       -    Step one cell left without turning
         MOVE RIGHT      -    Step one cell right without turning

 TURN
  Usage: TURN LEFT       -    Turn left in the current cell
         TURN RIGHT      -    Turn right in the current cell
         TURN AROUND     -    Turn around in the current cell`


 CLIMB
  Usage: CLIMB UP        -     Climb up a ladder
         CLIMB DOWN      -    Climb down a ladder or a hole

 EXAMINE
  Usage: EXAMINE         -    Show a list of objects on the floor of the
                              cell you occupy plus a list of everything
                              you are carrying in your backpac

         Note: Any lit TORCH is highlighted on the display.

 LOOK
  Usage: LOOK            -    Look at the Dungeon afte an EXAMINE command

 GET
  Usage: GET LEFT object -     Get an object from the floor with your left
                               hand
         GET RIGHT object-     Get an object from the floor with your
 right
                               hand

         Note: The object you type must be on the floor of the cell you
         occupy, and the hand you choose must be empty.

 DROP
  Usage: DROP LEFT       -     Drop the object in your left hand (if any)
                               to the floor
         DROP RIGHT      -     Drop the object in your right hand (If any)
                               to the floor


 PULL
  Usage: PULL LEFT object        -    Pull an object from your backpack
                                      with your left hand
         PULL RIGHT object       -    Pull an object from your backpack
                                      with your right hand

         Note: The object you type must be in your backpack, and the hand
 you
         choose must be empty.

 STOW
  Usage: STOW LEFT       -     Stow the object in your left hand (if any)
                               into your backpack
         STOW RIGHT      -     Stow the object in your right hand (if any)
                               into your backpack

 ATTACK
  Usage: ATTACK LEFT     -     Attack with the object in your left hand
                               (or with your empty hand)
         ATTACK RIGHT    -     Attack with the object in your right hand
                               (or with your empty hand)

 USE
  Usage: USE LEFT        -     Use the object in your left hand (effect
                               depends on the object)
         USE RIGHT       -     Use the object in your right hand (effect
                               depends on the object)

         Note: the USE command can be used with three types of objects, and
         its effect varies depending on the object selected:
         TORCH   -       To USE a TORCH is to light it and mount ir on your
         backpack
         FLASK   -       To USE a FLASK is to pour its contents down your
         throat
         SCROLL  -       To USE a SCROLL, the SCROLL must be REVEALed.  Tryit!


 REVEAL
  Usage: REVEAL LEFT     -     Attempt to "reveal" the type of object in
                               your left hand
         REVEAL RIGHT    -     Attempt to "Reveal" the type of object in
                               your right hand

 INCANT
  Usage:INCANT magic word-     Attempt to conjure up the magic power of a
                               RING by "incanting" its magical name

        Note: WHen you INCANT, type only the single word you are incanting,
        such as INCANT STEEL.


 CASSETTE COMMANDS
  Usage: ZSAVE filename  -     Save the current state of the game on
                               cassette with the filename that was typedin
         ZLOAD filename  -     Load from cassette a game you saved earlier
                               with the given filename

 Appendix B

 Partial List of Abbreviations

 Commands can be abbreviated to the shortest set of letters that cannot be
 confused with another command.  Remember that you must still enter the
 spaces between the abbreviated command words, and always press [enter]after
 typing the command.  If you try an abbreviation that is too short, ???
 appears after the command.


 Full Command              Shortest Abbreviation
 ------------              ---------------------
 MOVE                      M
 MOVE BACK                 M B
 MOVE LEFT                 M L
 MOVE RIGHT                M R

 TURN LEFT                 T L
 TURN RIGHT                T R
 TURN AROUND               T A

 CLIMB UP                  C U
 CLIMB DOWN                C D

 EXAMINE                   E
 LOOK                      L

 GET LEFT TORCH            G L T
 GET RIGHT WOODEN SWORD    G R W SW

 DROP LEFT                 D L
 DROP RIGHT                D R

 PULL LEFT SHIELD          P L SH
 PULL RIGHT LEATHER SHIELD P R LE SH

 STOW LEFT                 S L
 STOW RIGHT                S R

 ATTACK LEFT               A L
 ATTACK RIGHT              A R

 USE LEFT                 U L
 USE RIGHT                U R

 REVEAL LEFT              R L
 REVEAL RIGHT             R R

 INCANT STEEL             I S



  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
