Like many of you old CoCo users out there, I've longed for better hardware, more memory  
and modern interfaces.  Recently, I downloaded Paul Barton's 512k schematic from  
coco3.com and decided to build the circuit.  The motivation for the project came from  
cloud9tech.com, but due to the notice on their website, I felt time would be better  
spent building the upgrade myself, as opposed to waiting for them to do it.  The  
success of my project came from the documentation on how to install their upgrade,
which I assumed was very closely related to Paul Barton's board.

I began by purchasing a perfboard with solder points from Vetco Electronics, here in  
Bellevue.  Next, I ordered the 30 pin SIMM sockets from Jameco electronics online.  I  
found the SIMM modules in a bag of old 486's I had in storage, and luckily for me, I  
have 4 of the 9 chip modules.  After measuring out the board and cutting it with a
butter knife (I'm low on tool supplies as I'm in the process of moving) and spiral saw,
I began by mounting the SIMM sockets.  Once the sockets were spaced correctly, I mounted
the wire wrap strip-posts in the appropriate locations.  I guess I got lucky with the
parts, because everything lined, and the board could be easily inserted/removed from
the CoCo3 memory expansion headers.

Not having any way to manufacture an etched circuit board, I decided the wire-wrapping  
was my best option.  This took the better part of the weekend.  After many blurry, cross
eyed moments and near burns from the soldering iron, I completed my Frankenstein  
project.  Double checking the wire-wraps took about 4 hours, but I verified them by
visual cross reference to the schematic, and then with a volt meter to make sure all the
connections were good from the expansion headers to the SIMM module pins.  Again,
another stroke of luck, because not one wire was misplaced!  Now, anybody that knows me
would be surprised by this, and I was certainly taken aback by my novice good fortune.

I hope your projects go as smoothly as mine did!

Once the board was tested and the memory modules were snapped into place, I nervously  
mounted the board on the machine and hooked up the power.  Nothing.  Nada.  No Disk  
Basic screen to greet me.  In fact, I seemed to be pushing the GIME chip into some  
rather bizarre contortions, as the poor machine attempted to do something with the  
electricity I was giving it.  Alas, I nearly gave up when I happened to remember reading  
something about cloud9tech.com's install directions.  And yes, there it was, on the last  
page: remove the existing memory and bust out 2 filter caps.  Easy!  Once I removed the  
memory and the offending capacitors, I plugged everything back in and - voila!  My heart  
jumped at the familiar psychedelic cursor and disk basic welcome message!  Success!  All  
my years of failed analog projects, burned IC's and smoking resistors had paid off in a  
resounding success.

Included you will find pictures of the memory expansion board.  There is one note of  
caution that I will try to pass on: make sure to measure correctly!  While my board may  
fit horizontally, the memory is too tall to put the top of the case back on.  Seems like  
my next project will be to mount everything in a mini-tower PC case.  Mod central, here  
I come!

I hope you enjoyed reading my article, and hopefully I'll have many more experiences to  
share with the growing revival of this wonderful little machine.

I'd also like to recommend that you purchase a copy of Portal-9 from Roger Taylor at  
coco3.com.  The IDE is great, and the CCASM support is outstanding.  I highly recommend  
the 6809 for anybody who is interested in learning micro processor programming and  
assembly language.

Matthew Potter
matthew@synapseware.com
