
                  ATCoCo - Putting it all in one Box

                     By Mike Haaland - 72300,1433

       Written: December 14, 1988    Updated: January 15, 1989
 
    This article is  the procedure I have  used in order to get the
    clutter of  Computer components off  my desk and  into a single
    AT Clone case.  It has been put together and distributed to aid
    those CoCo  owners who are tired  of the mess,  to do the same.
    I cannot take  responsibility for any damage you may do to your
    system while attempting the same project  described in the text
    that follows.  The need for such a  transplant  depends totally
    on your own tastes.

    The nicest thing about the ATCoCo (CoCo in an IBM type AT case)
    is  you  have so much  room for  drives,  packs, etc. that your
    system will be nice and neat without  the need of having cables
    running all over the place.

    Into the ATCoCo you have room for:

         Three half-hieght disk drives
         A full or half-height Hard Drive
         The CoCo Motherboard  (main circuit board)
         An MPI (Multi-Pak Interface)  RS Cat.# (26-3124)
         Four Paks (fit in four slots of the MPI)

    This is what I have installed into my ATCoCo!  If I can figure
    out how  to get the modem in there, I'll put it in there too!!
    My system has been running  this way for  over two months with
    no problems at all.

NEEDED PARTS

    Before you can get started you will need:

1)  An AT Clone case and power supply.
    (This case must be 6 inches tall inside.  If you have an XT case
    you can still use the  USING THE CLONE POWER SUPPLY  section but
    the actual installation will differ, as there is  not sufficient
    room in the XT Case to put the MPI (Multi-Pak Interface) on it's
    edge as described)

2)  A set of all the connectors on the back  of the coco,  both male
    and female. ( Including  the  RGB connector if you  are using an
    RGB monitor ).  For  the  cleanest  installation  get the female
    chassis mount connectors.

3)  Wire to make up the extender cables for the Cassette,  Joystick,
    and serial ports.
 
4)  A short ( 4 to 6 inch ) 40 pin extender cable  that will go from
    the CoCo  motherboard  to the  MPI. (Or you can make your own by
    using the 40 plug on the board and wiring a ribbon cable).

5)  A VOM meter.
 
6)  The ability to use a soldering iron.

7)  GUTS!  To void your warranty!!!!!!

8)  SOME KIND OF EXTERNAL KEYBOARD ADAPTER *

    I strongly suggest getting the IBM XT 101 keyboard adapter that
    Bob Puppo  builds.  Or get a Keyboard extender cable.  Both can
    be found from various distributors in RAINBOW magazine.
    (If you ever received  CoCo-Ads from PD  Software  there was an
    article in the Aug. '87 issue entitled "Detached Keyboard" that
    will describe how to make an external keyboard setup yourself.)

 
PREPARATION

    Make up  the extender cables  for the ports  and check that they
    work properly.  Each cable will need to be about 18 inches long.

    Make the extender cable for the RGB plug.


USING THE CLONE POWER SUPPLY (150W or 200W)

This is a Copy of a message on CompuServe that I used as an example
to hook my CoCo 3 up to an IBM Clone 200 watt power supply.  It was
written by Bruce Isted 76625,2237 and the MPI stuff was what I did.

COCO (Motherboard)

1) Remove Q1 (KTD880-main regulator power transistor) from the COCO 3.

2) Connect the external PS ground to pin 8 of IC8 (SC77527) or other
   ground point on the COCO 3.

3) Connect the external PS +12VDC to pin 16 of IC8 (SC77527) or to the
   cathode (positive) end of D1 or D2.

4) Connect the external PS -12VDC to pin 15 of IC8 (SC77527) or to the
   anode (negative) end of D3 or D4.

5) Connect the external  PS +5VDC to where the  emitter (output) of Q1
   used  to be.  This is the  pin on Q1 that connects directly to both
   R19 (51 Ohm, 1/4W) and R20 (0.1 Ohm, 1W).

6) Solder  a jumper wire from  the cathode (positive) end of D2 to the
   anode (negative) end of  D14  to provide +12VDC to the input of the
   RF's +8VDC regulator.  This was previously  accomplished  via an AC
   coupled capacitor (C62) and  half wave  rectifier  (D13, D14),  but
   there is no longer AC on the board.

   By removing  Q1,  but still  applying +/- 12VDC to  IC8  (SC77527),
   you fool IC8 into thinking it is  doing the +5VDC regulation, which
   does  no harm as the voltage control (to the base of Q1) output has
   been disconnected.  The  internal -5VDC regulation is still done by
   IC8, which is necessary for cassette and serial (bit banger) I/O.

 
MPI (Multi-Pak Interface)   RS Cat # (26-3124)

   This is how I hooked a Multi-Pak  Interface, ( cat # 26-3124 ) the
   newer small  white model with the satellite board modification for
   the COCO 3, to the same 200W IBM Clone power supply.
 
To hookup a MPI (Multi-pak) to the same power supply.
        ***
1) Pull IC9 (1723CP), R7 (0.47, 2W), and C30 (1000P). (I cut out C30
   so I could get to IC9 with a pair of wire cutters).   Also remove
   the on/off switch.

2) Connect the external PS GROUND to any ground on the MPI.
 
3) Connect the external  PS +12VDC to the solder  pad  in  front  of
   slot 1 in the MPI labeled 2.  This pad is jumpered to all PIN 2's
   of the MPI slots. (Only  needed if using an older disk controller
   that needs 12VDC)*

4) Connect  the external PS -12VDC  to the cathode (positive) end of
   D1 labeled "-12V TP3".   This  will  supply -12VDC to all PIN 1's
   of the MPI slots. (Only needed if  using an older disk controller
   that needs 12VDC)*

5) Connect the  external PS +5VDC  to the solder pad on the right of
   slot 1 of the MPI labeled "+5V TP1".  This will supply +5V to all
   PIN 9's of the MPI.

  *
   This modification has worked for me for about 8 weeks so far with
   no problems at all.  NOTE: If you don't have any peripherals that
   need 12VDC to power them you may skip steps 3 and 4.  Some of the
   older disk controllers DO need the 12VDC from the MPI!!!
 
INSTALLATION

    Remove your CoCo motherboard and MPI from their cases.

    Lay your  CoCo motherboard in the AT case  with the  ROMPAK slot
    facing away from  the drives  and the plugs facing the  front of
    the AT case, as far back in the case as possible.

    Mark where the four mounting holes on the coco are on the case.

    Drill out the holes in the case.

    You can  either mount  the coco  with the plastic  legs supplied
    with the case  or  build your own mounts using a small  block of
    wood under  each hole.  Keep the  CoCo  off  the  bottom  of the
    case ( about 1/8 to 1/4 inch ).  This will  give you enough room
    to run the DIN  plug extension  cables under  the board and will
    also allow the AT fan cool the motherboard.

    Put the MPI in the left hand  front corner of  the case with the
    slots pointing in  and the card edge  that connects  to the coco
    towards the back.  ( Put electrical tape over the the components
    that may be  easily  shorted to ground on the bottom edge of the
    MPI such as D1)

    If you  have a small  extender  ribbon connector  for the 40 pin
    ROMPAK slot on  the coco, you can see how easily you can connect
    the MPI to the CoCo.  If you  want to make up your own, you will
    have to:

      De-Solder the card edge  connector and remove it.  Be careful,
      you will need it later!!    Solder a ribbon cable to where the
      connector  was.  Solder the other end of the cable to the card
      edge  connector.  ( Or use a small pre-drilled printed circuit
      board  and mount the  card edge  connector  to it and then run
      the ribbon to that). Be sure pin 1 goes to pin 1 etc.

    The last thing you will need to do is use a piece of sheet metal
    to mount all those connector on.  I cut out part of the PC  card
    slots and made a plate to mount them.  Plug everything together,
    and double check all the wiring. Mount the drives in their slots
    and hook  them up to the  power supply.  Plug your various packs
    into the MPI.  And you should be done.


A FEW EXTRA GOODIES

    Now that you have your ATCoCo all in the box and connected, here
    are a couple of "extras" that make you system  more professional
    looking.

    There  are usually three lights, a momentary reset button, a two
    pole (on/off) 'Turbo' button,  and a two pole  key switch on the
    case. I have found some uses for some of them and here they are.

    If you have a hard drive you can easily use one of the lights to
    indicate drive  access by  simply finding where the drive access
    light pins are on your HD and connecting them up.  This is a big
    help if  you have used the  fourth slot (behind the front cover)
    to put your HD in.

    You can wire one of the lights to indicate power on by  hooking
    +5VDC from the power supply or and the other side to ground.
 
    The 'Reset' switch  can be wired up  to where the original CoCo
    reset  button is.  Remember, you can't  get to the original one
    now!  Simply remove the  old reset button from the CoCo and you
    can wire the new button to where  the reset button was.  If you
    can,  get the male pins that will plug in to the connector from
    any electronics supply store  and mount them to where the reset
    button was and plug the switch to that.  This will make it easy
    to remove later if you need to work on you CoCo.

    Now if you can, remove the plaque from you old CoCo 3 top cover,
    the one that says  'TANDY 128K COLOR COMPUTER 3' and mount that
    on the front of the new ATCoCo Case. (For the completed look!!)

CAUTION AND DISCLAIMER

    This text  file is how I did  it and I assume  no responsibility
    whatsoever  for anyone following  the procedure  described above.
    If you  mess  up  your CoCo,  it's your own fault, not mine.  By
    opening  the  original  case on  your CoCo  or MPI you VOID your
    warranty.  If I can be of any assistance to you, you are welcome
    to leave me mail here on the OS9 sig of  Compuserve or on  GEnie
    my mail address is HAALAND.
 
          Copywrite (c) 1988 by Mike Haaland - 72300,1433

